Scene Loader Parameter Selection:

	Description:

		Create a general purpose API for parameter selection. One implementation of the API could be a GUI dialog box.
		It should support parameters of type boolean, float, int and String, as well as default values for these types.
		It should also support options, where a list of options are supplied and only one can be selected.
		An API like this would be useful in combination with a SceneLoader, such that parameters could be retrieved when generating a Scene.

GPU Memory Optimization:

	Description:

		In order to add more properties to Material instances, such as Modifiers, it is necessary to optimize the memory requirement for Material instances.
		The int[] of the GlassSmallPTMaterial already occupies 8 int values, which represents 1 block of memory.
		If one single element was added, it would have to occupy 16 int values and 2 blocks of memory in order to be aligned, which would decrease performance.
		The optimizations presented below will probably also increase performance for PBRT-based Material instances, when they are added. They may also be added to other structures.

	Material Structure Change:

		Change the int[] structure of Material instances by combining the Texture ID and Texture offset elements into one using a packed int.
		This change will affect how many Texture instances can be referenced because of the 16 bit limitations for both Texture IDs and Texture offsets.

	Texture Structure Change:

		Change the meaning of the Texture offset, such that 0 refers to the first Texture, 1 to the second and so forth. Currently it refers to the offset in the array.
		For Texture instances with a variable length, a lookup table has to be created. LDRImageTexture is currently the only variable length Texture.
		This change will allow more Texture instances to be referenced using the 16 bit limitations for Texture offsets, as presented in Material Structure Change.

	Status:

		The Material Structure Change is now complete.
		All *RayitoMaterial and *SmallPTMaterial types have also been removed from the GPU renderer. The default *Material types are used instead.